 A framework is a special kind of library that does not contain “finished” functions like a regular library. 
Frameworks are rather programme scaffolds that provide the blueprint but not the finished unit.
The framework, therefore, provides the blueprint and the basic framework and also shows what is still needed from the programmer in terms of customisation.
On a simple thought, 
More rules means, chances are it's a Framework.
Less rules means, chances are it's a Library.

Q3 : What is CDN? Why do we use it?

Cache : a cache is a high-speed data storage layer which stores a subset of data, typically transient in nature, so that future requests for that data are served up faster than is possible by accessing the data’s primary storage location. Caching allows you to efficiently reuse previously retrieved or computed data.

CDN: A content delivery network (CDN) is a group of geographically distributed servers that speed up the delivery of web content by bringing it closer to where users are.
CDN(contain Devlivery Network) it is generally a type of cache store the static contain.
Specializes of Cache
Hosting the static dataContainer closer to the user(Edge location)
Follow the Region Rule and regulation
Allow Posting content in the boxes Via ui.

Q4: Why is React known as React?

React was developed for applications (Facebook) that have constantly changing data. 
Since React is a front-end framework or the “View” in MVC, this means that as the user clicks around and changes the app’s data, the view should “react” or change with those user events. 
User events being mouse clicks, typing, submitting a form.

Q5: What is crossorigin in script tag?

CORS stands for Cross-Origin Resource Sharing
It is a mechanism that allows resources on a web page to be requested from another domain outside their own domain. 
It defines a way of how a browser and server can interact to determine whether it is safe to allow the cross-origin request. 
CORS allows servers to specify who can access the assets on the server, among many other things.

The crossorigin attribute sets the mode of the request to an HTTP CORS Request.
A cross-origin request is a request for a resource (e.g. style sheets, iframes, images, fonts, or scripts) from another domain.
eg: <!-- <script crossorigin="anonymous|use-credentials"> -->


Q6: What is diference between React and ReactDOM

React library is responsible for creating views.
ReactDOM library is responsible to actually render UI in the browser.
React: https://cdnjs.com/libraries/react
ReactDOM: https://cdnjs.com/libraries/react-dom

Q7: What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?

The development build is used - as the name suggests - for development reasons. You have Source Maps, debugging and often times hot reloading ability in those builds. 
The production build, on the other hand, runs in production mode which means this is the code running on your client's machine

Q8: What is async and defer?
When we load web page, two things happens:
HTMP Parsing
Scripts Loading : 1 Fetching the scripts from the external netwrok 2 Executing the script line by line.
Async and Defer are boolean attributes used along with script tags to load external script efficiently in our web page.

Async - means execute code when it is downloaded and do not block DOM construction during downloading process.
Defer - means execute code after it's downloaded and browser finished DOM construction and rendering process.












